Oh
ah
you just seen your wingman get hit I saw
the magnitude of this quake there is
this an unreal blast occurred and kind
of blew me down to the ground you think
about your kids you think about your
family I was trained enough to know this
is extremely dangerous when I was taking
care of people I wasn't worried that I
was going to get shot I was worried if
somebody was gonna die that day she was
the spring of two thousand seven
portraits and courage has lauded the
efforts and sacrifices of just a few of
the remarkable airmen who have helped
make this Air Force the most respected
and formidable air force the world has
ever known recently three of these are
men journey to the national museum of
the united states air force at
wright-patterson Air Force Base Ohio to
view its portraits encourage the Giants
of our shared past whose deeds are now
legend and who shoulders upon which we
all stand they came to bear witness to a
history the stretches from the sands of
kitty hawk to the mountain passes of
Afghanistan
and they discovered that the giants of
our shared past were much more like
themselves men and women living through
uncertain times asking only for the
opportunity to serve to perform their
duty some giving all that was theirs to
give
you have never guessed these guys by
looking at and dig that they did
they're not the Hollywood big tough guys
but they're as hard as anybody I know
but what is courage courage is being
able to put yourself at risk and
accomplish any action it's really just
making sure that you're accomplishing
something that most people wouldn't do
on a normal day to day basis I table
Courage's it's when you have here you
overcome that fear and you accomplish
the mission that's true courage that's
true here on my book
their stories tell a tale of indomitable
character ordinary people who
accomplished extraordinary deeds like
the heroes of our past today's sermon
have demonstrated tremendous courage
while conducting their mission whether
directing a precision missile strike on
two enemy targets providing medical care
while suppressing enemy fire or
detecting and defusing improvised
explosive devices each of these Airmen
answered our nation's call
we need to have people to do what we do
in order to ensure our freedom when you
go around the world you understand that
there are certain sacrifices that people
are going to have to make in order to
secure our life our way of life and and
it comes at a big expense and these
people make a lot of sacrifices to be
away from their home and family
we're getting it done and our families
are getting it done
for over 20 years now the US Air Force
has been in a state of continuous combat
and contingency response
our airmen have stood with sister
services in coalition forces non-stop
carrying out intelligence surveillance
and reconnaissance air mobility close
air support irregular warfare medical
evacuations convoy security ordinance
disposal humanitarian relief provincial
reconstruction strategic deterrence and
a host of other missions across the air
space and cyberspace continue it is the
noble efforts of our Airmen that inspire
our success and it is from their
portraits that we draw Courage
you